[COPS-6869] adding bit about upgrading prometheus helm conflicts (#3487)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/1.6/upgrade/upgrade-cli/index.md

The version of Kubernetes Base Addons changed if you use KBA, so you need to change your `configVersion` for your `configRepository`: `https://github.com/mesosphere/kubernetes-base-addons` to be `spec.addons.configVersion: stable-1.18-3.3.0`.

> <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>A note on upgrading from 1.5.x to 1.6.2: There are some limitations upgrading to this Konvoy version due to the migration of Helm v2 to Helm v3 of large configmaps to smaller restricted secrets for Prometheus and the need to delete and redeploy this addon. For more, see our page on <a href="../../addons/helmv2-to-v3-migration/">Helm v2 to v3 migration</a>.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>A note on upgrading from 1.5.x to 1.6.1: There are some limitations upgrading to this Konvoy version due to the migration of Helm v2 to Helm v3 of large ConfigMaps to helm v3 Secrets for Prometheus and the need to delete and redeploy this addon.
For more information, see <a href="../../addons/helmv2-to-v3-migration/">Helm v2 to v3 migration</a>.</p>
```

> <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>A note on upgrading from 1.5.x to 1.6.2: There are some limitations upgrading to this Konvoy version due to the migration of Helm v2 to Helm v3 of large configmaps to smaller restricted secrets for Prometheus and the need to delete and redeploy these addons. For more, see our page on <a href="../../addons/helmv2-to-v3-migration/">Helm v2 to v3 migration</a>.</p>

Author: this was resolved. Thanks Grace!

The version of Kubernetes Base Addons changed if you use KBA, so you need to change your `configVersion` for your `configRepository`: `https://github.com/mesosphere/kubernetes-base-addons` to be `spec.addons.configVersion: stable-1.18-3.3.0`.

> <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>A note on upgrading from 1.5.x to 1.6.1: There are some limitations upgrading to this Konvoy version due to the migration of Helm v2 to Helm v3 of large ConfigMaps to helm v3 Secrets for Prometheus and the need to delete and redeploy this addon.

Author: ```suggestion
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>A note on upgrading from 1.5.x to 1.6.1: There are some limitations upgrading to this Konvoy version due to the migration of Helm v2 to Helm v3 of large ConfigMaps to Helm v3 Secrets for Prometheus and the need to delete and redeploy this addon.
```
